Good afternoon, hello Andrei, in my opinion,
I sometimes watch you from Ukraine or
Russia No, I’m from Russia
and how do you
Well, it’s very difficult for you to cope
with emotions, of course Well, it’s logical because the
contingent We have here is so yes I sometimes
write in the comments where to find pills
to use
someone wrote I'm in the service sector
work
Well yes I'm straight of
course Of course I'm against the war and I want to
say that in
my environment most of them are Well
because we make our environment
so Yes
for others
who know how to think which
educated so on That is the second
instant chat roulette I recently
compared good comparisons I think that there
is a restaurant And there is an eatery here is a
roulette this is an eatery
because they want to make such aggression already there,
that is,
people like me are just sick  x right
Well, there, when there are strong shellings,
some empathizing roaring
work there There, not getting enough sleep now,
Energodar, I’m very worried, of course,
there are fewer of them
, mostly people understand that
horror is happening, they understand when they go to
stores But basically, a woman
understands when shops go when
children are now being collected for school as prices
have risen men somehow I don’t quite
understand you raised the scenes Yes, it
turns out that your prices have risen, I
can say by prices that in March
it was very strong in growth very much
for essential products there is
milk  bread meat Well, not much Well, that
is, all sorts of juices were held back there
Well, all that is related has
risen decently 50 60 70 percent
now the prices have begun to roll back a little
now the market has apparently begun Well, after all,
we have, as it were, a dictatorship, but still a
market  the economy and the market began to
adjust to look for ways to
minimize costs, and so on. That is,
now prices have
begun  you
Well, yes, but for example, how do people
treat you there, not in your
environment, because you can communicate there,
it’s like that too, but in the city
there’s very little to travel with such letters
for this, in general, I ca
n’t meet a single one in a day  Despite the fact that
there is a minibus to work or it was
at first look at the city of Tomsk in general,
if you
don’t remember, we didn’t forget
Navalny was poisoned here
and we have more liberal people in the city of Tomsk
because we have every
fifth student with us Siberian films Our
city is called  The university city is
very young and very progressive in
terms of the fact that United Russia
did not gain a majority in the last elections,
two people got into the City Duma
and now Ksenia Fadeeva is under house
arrest after
this is our city
she is under house arrest they opened a case against her
for just getting out
about five thousand went out into the street in our city
when they went to Navalny
, but oh, I forgot his name, he is also
fateev or nao  they have Fadeev
Fadeeva, that is, they are a married couple, not
just such surnames, he left Russia,
that he understood what was next Well, that is
, now we have a new governor being
elected and
he came with his own from Moscow with his
fell like that and they are holding such a large-scale
party  We have a choice on September 11
And we have 4 candidates out of three I don’t know
anything and
I’ll go alone, I’ll go to the polls on principle,
but I’ll spoil the ballot
There is no choice, well, I’ll spoil the
ballot too Yes
wet pro-government and
three fake ones, yes, in fact, the Communist Party of the Russian Federation,
in any case, about these people. I don’t
know anything. They didn’t carry out any policy
before the elections, and so on.
as
I understand Tomsk, since it is a liberal
city. Well, as it were, I recommended it for the
last election. I think that it’s just on
a pencil,
that’s why now  everything will be to the
maximum
so that my ballot is simply not thrown
so that it is not put Daw for me
so it happens with us I’ll just go to an argument
Well, because we haven’t had
a check mark against
everyone
for a long time, in principle, it didn’t affect anything  that is, it
turns out
it wasn’t if 50 percent were against all
those who vote there, there are still
political scientists watching
interesting things like that, that is, in our
local elections, there are always
25-30 percent of the vote in all cities of Russia.
this is done on purpose
Because
25-30 percent of state employees are driven out Well,
that is, out of 25 percent of the entire Tomsk
region, state employees are driven out just for you
and the quora Well, that is, all this is
political technology
But, for example, you have some
friends who fought there in Ukraine
or died  in Ukraine there
was the first kid, he was a graduate from the cadet
corps, he was buried in the
old cemetery, which is closed now
, I don’t bury there  t but there the
professorial staff veterans of the Great
Patriotic War you buried there and
buried almost in the middle, that is, they
dug it out practically on the road Well, that
is, because there are no more places and everyone is
coming from me, it's just that I grandmother and my mother
buried him often go to the cemetery
that year and we go and always everything is
here here in Ukraine a soldier died I
say and he was 20 years old I can live
and for what yes yes
Here I see all these Russian
propagandists there in chat roulette
that says a lot
in Novosibirsk my colleague came
told us a lot more
how very much these Russian propagandists in
roulette are manipulating there in the
Donbas Ukraine killed 14
thousand when we look at something 14 thousand
it’s not Ukraine killed it’s generally people
who died as a result of this war
in the Donbas of them there
about four or how many thousand
Ukrainian military there, then these Russian
formations and civilians, only there are
three thousand with something, and moreover, this is not something
that  Ukraine killed them, they died on both sides
, that is, these Russian
militants who bombed
captured it when Debaltseve all these
victims went here
290-something people from a Boeing also go there
if you look at the last two years
there were almost no hostilities there in the Donbass
Yes, there are
20 people who died on both sides, this is the
majority, they found a mine somewhere, they
spun something, that is, from active actions
, something 5 or 7 a year when the
war began, I was not
Well, I haven’t been in the subject since I was 14
-there are conflicts going on there, I
understood that there, like in Georgia, ours
most likely provoked it all, that
is, well, as if it were not even necessary to
read anything to understand what was
happening there, that ours were cooking porridge there, as it
were, in Ukraine, I
belonged to  I have a lot of acquaintances Well, I went
there to get there, I didn’t go there to rest, I
understood that this was some kind of disputed
territory, I didn’t even have the desire to go there,
that is, I understood that it was
some kind of dirty or something.  there
is one that is better not to go away from sin,
for some reason, I had this.
And in the fourteenth year, when
these
sanctions were imposed on us, and there the currency
increased there was another crisis
and ours
zigged ours there shouted Pencil, I'm
sarcastic  But it was our Crimea. Well, it
’s like this, that is, there was such sarcasm
that I never agreed with this internally.
And
when the war happened, when I was
almost a month
old.  I don’t know,
probably this is all a ridge Well, there you just need
to let the bullet whistle right here
next to you so that they don’t understand how scary it is,
they are sitting somewhere on the sofas there and Better
come on Let’s
really need at least thunder, at least
that’s right next to it  - whistled so that
they would understand how scary it just
turns out
, for example, I took it in the Rostov region, so
something died in the diesel fuel last or the year before last
P 200-something people
get
in the Donbass from military operations, so
active hostilities and from the side of
Ukraine they bought something on the territory,
7 or 8 people died from active
operations That is, this is
how much it turns out
40 times less than traffic accidents
in this Rostov  areas and now in
Google maps When at the beginning of March
I probably just went to Google maps
there is such a little man and you can
walk around the streets there
I went around Lugansk walked around
where Google gives you around
Lugansk and around Donetsk the city is whole to the
council on the road whole  there was a whole house
in Abkhazia where you can still see the
destroyed houses after the explosions and you can see how
they are whitewashed, but you can see
black
fires
there.
years were
if you look at Mariupol Mariupol can be
seen in a couple of months It is destroyed, it
turns out If Ukraine bombed for 8 years I will
inform what they should
we were there in the ashes to lie and public transport normally functions there to receive everything, as it were, all this is probably old photos there All that I say how to plant by methods What is it again I go in and look at photos of 1920 What, well, that is, what is it about And the last was Well, how to close it there on the topic when Anton Ptushkin whom I watch and immensely respect and a very talented person, you know, he had his own channel, he traveled on his own and he released a film At the end of February or at the beginning of March, where he was 8 years old, he himself was a servant in 14 he moved to Kyiv, he shows all these pictures, videos, and so on. I moved, I made my choice and came from Lugansk to Kyiv; there, it seems, something was banned in Russia because of this, at 50 after this film. After this video, a man from Lugansk is not the fact that someone from Lvov speaks and speaks a pure Russian Jew, you know that the most is somehow incomprehensible, that is, Russia under the guise of protecting Russian-speaking people there  they kill
Russian-speakers in Kharkov in Mariupol in
Severodvinsk That is, it turns out
as many Russian-speakers and Russians, uh,
as Russia killed, no one killed in the
21st century.
near Kazakhstan We have a lot of
refugees from Kazakhstan in terms of
Russians The USSR They didn’t live in Kazakhstan when
Kazakhstan separated, the
persecution of Russian speakers began very strongly and many
Russians returned back to Russia Well, in the
sense of how they returned
and when the Soviet one
they moved to Berdsk and there
were persecutions  and everywhere on the territory of the former
Soviet Union and in Kyrgyzstan this was
why the launch and here and here such the
next such turn means that this is not the
case for Ukraine Ukraine claims not
Therefore
it works better If you protect
Russians and Russian-speakers But you kill
mostly Russians and Russian-speakers, then, as
it were  what is
normal for a normal person so
even realizing that immediately  that this is noodles
that are not even discussed
Well, I came to the conclusion
that what is the reason for power is money money and
power are two factors the two most deadly
sins of power It is clear to show there, well,
money Yes, it’s clear war is always money The
Ministry of our defense needs how
our forests have been cut down now  they kind of burn
Well, to hide the traces, the army also
unleashed
all the devastation. It seems to me that here, not in a
day,
but in some kind of imperial Greatness, many of
your people from Russia have, we need
to return some Russian lands. There, one
sits with a dude from Novosibirsk, he said
So  so he didn’t leave Russia,
he wasn’t anywhere except Russia, we need
to return Odessa, this is a Russian family, I say
you will at least go to Odessa
sometime.  there in Siberia or he
dreams of
sorting out the lands a little man He
wants the illusion of a big one there, in short,
that they are the strongest and so on
, this is
this this is this
incident of Kukutsky I don’t know how to
call it a
person himself means nothing to the
state, in fact, he has nothing, that
is, a bad house, well, there’s an apartment
there, who spent his whole life there collecting on it
there or came to us by inheritance, that is, a
person essentially lives all  like an anthill,
in fact, we are all like that in Russia before
and the fact that he does not live well Well, that is,
he lives just survives, he lives,
survives, but
Putin is not to blame for
this, this one here
some
time was a balance of all this, that
is the reason  investigative connection Yes you
live You can’t travel 500
kilometers from your city but you
needed Odessa you live badly
you don’t have enough you live from paycheck to
paycheck from pension to pension you
can’t afford too much there I don’t
know a piece of meat
for barbecue  to go, well, it’s
not Putin’s fault for you, it’s Biden’s fault for you, who is
there in the entrance, as
they say, it’s some kind of Chur some kind of
dead end, I put everyone here these Christians
cat  You see, there is a small Czech Republic.
It has no oil or gas resources;
it buys conditionally gas from Russia, so they
pay money to Russia; other
European countries also buy gas there in Russia;
dress Russia, so Why is Russia with such
resources? But a guy in the Czech Republic lives
better than a guy  there, conditionally, there is Tomsk
, I can explain this to this,
because a guy in the Czech Republic
respects himself and loves himself and wants to live well
and he has a plank,
he understands that he has a neighbor who lives in
his fenced garden of
some kind Yes  there,
let's say there is a
house for 4 owners Yes, everything is culturally
clean there
and he also wants him and he
has brothers nearby who also want to live
well, they have a plan for goodness high
normal low normal
and we have a bar of goodness then the post-war
period, as I understand it  Enough for you for
potatoes, that's all I have a sister who
us Novosibirsk is 370,260 kilometers
away, 300 kilometers farther than Novosibirsk, she
did not go with her sister now
cousin Her eldest son has now left for
Belogorsk to serve in military service
when she recognized me at all there my heart fell, I
say not to sign any documents, I
throw off all my mother’s mother to lawyers,
just don’t make a decision yourself at all
Well, so that the conscript does
n’t end up at the front Oh  yes, it won’t go anywhere.
You have no idea how many conscripts there are
and how they ended up there.
As a result, and then when we started there,
I have all my relatives practically justify
this whole thing and I practically reduced communication with him
to a minimum
and
she says I don’t want I have
the youngest child is two years old, I don’t want
Vanya to be called so that Vanya calls me to
parents one parents two to
them That’s all she knows that I’m
traveling Well, that is, I’m kind of Doka I
like to travel, it’s like the meaning of
my life I communicate why I
travel inclusively I
she heard the maximum part. Well, I understand that most
likely the TV
and I have such an idea. That is, she is ready to
sacrifice the elder son  so that the younger one
doesn’t call his parents one so it turns out that the
Pindos will come and take over,
but I understand that these are maternal feelings,
I didn’t go for it, but I made such a
conclusion, I got sick, I realized that more
on this topic I don’t talk to her
that you’re useless I can’t  to
convince her that in normal countries they
simply perceive it normally, they simply
accept a person if you are not
traditional, they simply accept him, they don’t
spread rot at least Well, there is, but
you love a boy there, but for
God’s sake, the funniest thing is that in Russia there are a lot of
these all sorts of singers there Baskova
Kirkorova
Well  you have, and instead of
understanding there, you start looking at
Europe there, something there,
I don’t really know, damn it, well, if,
again, if Russia would probably be
there in the majority, like me, but
Kirkorov admitted that he was to her and that  the ability would become
vociferous no voice he has his own Well, how would he
have reality this
propaganda topic, they increased it there
that Europe is a hero
there, this topic is revived  Our government itself was going on
because, let’s say, the
end of the 90s, the beginning of the 2000s,
God, how are they tattoos Is it possible that in our
time, now, such a group
could be on ours on ours,
no, it’s now LGBT propaganda And
before, everyone was fine with
Eurovision, they sent
everything was fine for second place, it was
just that we had Eurovision, this was before the
war, when we were not allowed to
Eurovision, it was considered such and such an
international competition there was inside a
Russian who would go there, there was a selection there for
several months, then there we all
went there with flags  they won there
when they won, that is, everyone
rejoiced And when they didn’t let
us in
hold on Thank you for
your position
Take care of yourself and all Ukrainians Ukrainians
I'm sorry I say Take care of your health
throw off familiar videos  so that more
people see and understand because you
know when they watch the news there, it’s
when, regardless of when I live, a person
shows and he cannot explain his
position, it is perceived well in a completely different way.
this is also normal and it is
necessary with such people
to resist so they are required to be on our side of the traba
Yes, help them so that they can expand this
information
subscribe to my channel like
what you are
The higher the m3, the more YouTube is wider
this video advice inshah people
read comments I  I read the monitor
glass and people's scammers by reducing people's
test dummas People's so I understand
that a brother of you I read comments so
almost too it's your informational fault
Glory to Ukraine